d**The problem of** organising travel while finding the solution for keeping their pet animals at home is very common because it **affects** most pet owning individuals and families. 

**The impact of this problem is** in complex planning, last minute research and increased anxiety for both humans and animals. Typically travellers take their pet to a local vet for boarding. Sometimes they could ask their friends and family to either take their pet home to look after it or make home visits to feed and clean after the animal for the duration of their travel.  The biggest problem with taking the pet to the boarding kennel is the guilt of keeping the animal locked up with limited physical exercise options for the duration of the whole trip. While the option of having friends and family's help is better, it could be a big favour that not everyone could be comfortable asking for. Even more so, for some pets that require medical attention or have complicated needs or routines asking a regular person might not be an option at all. 

**A successful solution would be** a secure, easy to use and trusted application that links together pet owners (no matter how easy or hard their pet is to look after) and qualified pet sitters. Travelling families have no anxiety knowing that their pet is safe and well looked after.  Service providers (pet sitters) are well compensated for their services, treated with respect and get to enjoy the company of a grateful animal. Ideally, pet owners and pet sitters could build a long term bond so that organising consecutive travels becomes even more seamless.   

